the national road network 4g 2 was
shown was dark worry us nothing
I married a friend of the couple I could
Missing in gmail choreographer with jaqueline
been indicted by several outbreaks in 2010
with the same to go to court nothing is
proven brand has now been convicted by a
fire in March of last year when
talking to a safe person maybe in the intermarch is
condemnation of milestones a punishment institution
hygiene is the 24 is cut view
winning in the municipality of viseu I like
on the ground are 120 combat with 35 goes
from the month in gives indications of
first scenes
when the military arrived on the land
gnr sought the principle of fire
and one of the first anguish areas that
are protected are
the question is not to ask what
we have here oak mota his mother
in the protected zone nextel answer the fire
and zune response fire ran out of sheets
a clue to understand the world
fire but there are other
rockets because this is done because
the organization and follow in the page part
and we are going to start a
got by the trunk and burned on this side
here the protection effect both the flame
hit in this sense you come for free
the event will also be felt in the
flames
following the direction of the flames
institution that occurs the first
contract arrives am political beginning of
fire
here it is right next to the road at this time
At first we will do several readings
still at the turning of my side
these weapons the copper accused others fall
always in the direction of the
our point of view are the first
scenes here throughout this area are
our area from the beginning of the
tensions all the details and
the smallest details
something is
physics and the physical evidence in this
absence of children at this early point
the third period was written because
there is no intense way and to reach
hand that has split lighter
another type of proof is testimonial evidence
it is essential is very important
and were two witnesses that led to the
detention of the sea ​​by gnr
only were faults passing through
he wants to condemn us to a person without
concrete proofs
with so many gnr fires in making options
we have to separate those that are the
intentional fires that that is not the
we are then trying to direct the
investigations is for those who
really give more attention to the
our part and this summer were not lacking
kilos to multiply the
investigations